if it isn't the wild stallions
when your wives suggested couples
therapy do you think
this is what they had in mind definitely
i mean we're a couple of couples right
bill ted enough of the delusions you
didn't time travel
and you didn't go to heaven and hell
here's a real idea for you be role
models to your daughters
get real jobs
[Music]
bill we've spent our whole life trying
to unite the world
and i'm tired dude ted we have a destiny
to fulfill
oh wow greetings my excellent friends
we have a problem
step forward a song created by preston
logan
perform tonight we'll save reality as we
know it
oh dude we better write that song now
boy why can't we just go to the future
when we have written it
and take it from ourselves except won't
that be stealing
cheers how is that stealing
if we're stealing it from ourselves dude
dude our dads are totally in trouble you
should help them out
[Applause]
no way how's it going billy
ted we're putting together your most
extraordinary band
hey you want to be in our band
oh this is your fantastic
we're going to go talk to death is he
playing scotch
by himself dude he's cheating hey death
life it isn't a wild stallion
let's rock
[Music]
be excellent to each other and party on
dudes
[Music]
how are you doing well you know we're
dead and we're in hell
but how you doing